feat(combo-button): new web-component for parity (#19218)
carbon-design-system/carbon: packages/web-components/src/components/combo-button/combo-button.mdx

<Meta of={ComboButtonStories} />

# ComboButton

[Source code](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/tree/main/packages/web-components/src/components/combo-button)

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [With Danger](#with-danger)
- [With Icons](#with-icons)
- [Menu Alignment](#menu-alignment)
- [Experimental Auto Align](#experimental-auto-align)
- [Component API](#component-api)
- [CDN](#cdn)
- [Feedback](#feedback)

## Overview

A `cds-menu-button` can be used to offer additional, secondary actions in a disclosed list next to the primary action. These additional actions must be `cds-menu-item` passed as `children`. The primary action's label is passed as `label`.

```html
<cds-combo-button label="Primary action">
  <cds-menu>
    <cds-menu-item label="Second action"></cds-menu-item>
    <cds-menu-item label="Third action"></cds-menu-item>
    <cds-menu-item label="Fourth action"></cds-menu-item>
  </cds-menu>
</cds-combo-button>
```

<Canvas
  of={ComboButtonStories.Default}
/>

## With Icons

<Canvas of={ComboButtonStories.withIcons} />

## With Danger

<Canvas of={ComboButtonStories.withDanger} />

## Menu Alignment (experimental)

> The `menuAlignment` prop enables you to define the placement of the Menu in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `menu-alignment` attribute enables you to define the placement of the Menu in
```

> relation to the `cds-menu-button`. For instance, setting `menuAlignment="top"` on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
relation to the `cds-menu-button`. For instance, setting `menu-alignment="top"` on
```

the `cds-menu-button` will render the Menu above the button.

> If it seems your specified `menuAlignment` isn't working, it's because we
> prioritize ensuring the Menu remains visible. We calculate the optimal position
> to display the Menu in case the provided `menuAlignment` obscures it.
> 
> We encourage you to play around in the Storybook Default stories to better
> understand the `menuAlignment` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it seems your specified `menu-alignment` isn't working, it's because we
prioritize ensuring the Menu remains visible. We calculate the optimal position
to display the Menu in case the provided `menu-alignment` obscures it.

We encourage you to play around in the Storybook Default stories to better
understand the `menu-alignment` attribute.
```
